Content-Type: text/plain; charset="utf-8"
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable
Content-Description: Mail message body
Subject: my subject    157.245.94.27
To: Recipients <info@usa.org>
From: "Mr. IBRAHIM AYUBA" <info@usa.org>
Date: Thu, 06 Aug 2020 11:15:08 +0100

My Dear Friend.

This is to bring to your notice that, I have paid the re-activation
fee and the delivery of your ATM Card. I paid it because the ATM-7221
US$4.2MILLION dollar, has less three weeks to expire and when it
expires, the money will divert and forfeited into Government purse
(account).With that I decided to help you pay the money so that, the
ATM will not expire, because I know when you get your ATM definitely
you must pay me back my money and even help me out.

Now i want you to contact DHL Express company with your Full Contact
information=E2=80=99s so that they can deliver your Card to your designated
address without any delay. Like i stated earlier, the delivery charges
has been paid but i did not pay their official keeping fees since they
refused. They refused and the reason is that they do not know when you
are going to contact them and the demurrages might have being
increase. They told me that their keeping fees are $105 per day and I
deposited it yesterday. Below is their contact information,

Company Name: DHL Express Shipping Company
Email: ( dhlcompny5@gmail.com )
Contact Person: Mr Olayemi Olusona.

Let me repeat again, try to contact them as soon as you receive this
mail to avoid adding of the security keeping fee of $105 dollar per
day, please do contact them today to avoid increase of their keeping
fees and let me know once you receive your Card. Finally, make sure
that you reconfirm your mailing address and direct telephone number to
them to avoid wrong delivery or any mistake also send them their
security keeping fee of US$105 today to avoid increase of their
keeping fees.

I registered it as a wedding gift and they don't know it contents
valuable ATM Master Card this is to avoid them delaying with the
package. Don=E2=80=99t let them know that it contents valuable material.

SHIPMENT CODE: FDB 33XZS
PACKAGE REGISTERED CODE NO: XGT0283.
SECURITY CODE: SCTC//562326.

Regards,

Mr. IBRAHIM AYUBA
