Reply-To: <un-ghana@uncha.org>
From: "United Nations Office"<admin@solidspace.com>
Subject: United Nations 157.245.94.27
Date: Mon, 12 Oct 2020 15:56:20 -0700
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="Windows-1251"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000

United Nations Office for the
Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs
Accra-Ghana

Good Day Sir/Madam,

This mail is authorized from the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs.

Are you aware of the ongoing Humanitarian projects in AFRICA/ASIA/EUROPE/MIDDLE EAST/UNITED STATE? The United Nations is currently employing Good will Ambassadors/Humanitarian officers who are willing to collaborate with the United Nations Organization in order to work with the Agenda in fighting against Hunger,Poverty and Corona virus (COVID-19)Worldwide.

United Nations is an international organization that works for humanitarian activities,development,and restoring peace and unity in a country or society.
The United Nations finances projects that add to the growth of a country or society, they give out loan funds to both individuals or country/society in order to bring development and also serve as a means of employment to the people.

The United Nations brings about good roads,good water,hospitality,homes,quality education, fight against hunger and poverty in society and ensure the right to living for all refugees,poor,orphans and less privileged ones making our world a better place for all mankind.

The United Nations advocates for change and connects countries to knowledge, experience and resources to help people build a better life, It provides expert advice, training and grants support to developing countries, with increasing emphasis on assistance to the least developed countries,It promotes technical and investment cooperation among nations.

The United Nations Organization has chosen you as Ambassadors/Humanitarian officers to the United Nations High Commissioners of Refugees(UNHCR).

Humanitarian work is a material and logistic assistance to people in need,homeless,refugees,victims of natural disasters,war and famines.

The United Nations Organization will allocate funds for this Humanitarian work in which an Ambassador will ensure there is food,good water,education,hospitality,homes and shelter for the poor,orphans and refugees in the society.

An Ambassador will be issued with the UN diplomatic passport by the UN Authority to enable him travel to any country his or her humanitarian service is needed. Also he or she will be paid some allowances on a monthly basis for his humanitarian duties.

All Ambassadors are expected to do their work effectively as to serve the people with their heart bringing development to the society thereby contributing to the progress of the society also creating ideals in creating job vacancy to all unemployed youth both young and old.

Kindly get back to us if you are interested in this appointment.

Sincerely Yours
Dr Patrick Doku
