Reply-To: <debtsettlementforeignaffairs@gmail.com>
From: "JAMES COSTOS"<jcostos@ojai.net>
Subject: United Nation Development Fund(UNDF) 157.245.94.27
Date: Thu, 6 Aug 2020 18:16:07 -0700
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="Windows-1251"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000

Urgent Attention please

This is to officially notify you that you have been officially chosen by the Board of The United Nation Development Fund(UNDF) as one of the recipients of the sum of $4,700,000.00 (Four million, Seven Hundred Thousand United State Dollars) to you as part of the Grant/Donation for Economic Growth and Poverty Alleviation Scheme.

The Financial Intelligence Unit through it's verse security wire tap has reconfirmed that several attempts has been made by many unauthorized personnel through different methods such as Automated card payment system (ATM) method, (Bank Drafts) Method, Consignment Diplomatic Delivery method, Undefined Bank Wire Transfer method etc, and all attempts by the unauthorized personnel to move this fund according to information have been futile and frustrated by the Financial Intelligence Units global security for years.

However, You are receiving this mail because your name and email address were stated on the payment manifest submitted to us by the European central bank external auditors for the complete payment of your long awaited fund to the tune of $4,700,000.00 (Four Million, seven hundred United State Of American Dollars). Therefore you are required to stop all further communication with every other individuals or offices regarding this payment as your fund is in our custody and will be completely transferred to you accordingly.

Though your fund payment through this office have genuine source with all the legal clearance documents prepared to back up the fund transfer. In other to complete this payment accordingly, you will be required to reconfirm your present home address and active phone number for immediate release of your fund as schedule by the authorized bank.

Your urgent response is required and note that this fund transfer will only take three working days to be completed.

Best Regards,
Barr. James Costos.
Email address: foreignaffairssettlement@hotmail.com
U.S. Legal reprensentative.

CC: David R. Malpass President of the World Bank
CC: Mr. Antonio Guterres UN Secretary General
