Reply-To: <dw2556702@gmail.com>
From: "David Wilson"<davidwls100@hotmail.com>
Subject: Attn: Urgent Respond Needed   157.245.94.27
Date: Thu, 17 Sep 2020 19:17:42 -0700
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="Windows-1251"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000

Hello,

I am David Wilson Head of Inspection Unit United Nations Inspection Agency in Harts field-Jackson International Airport Atlanta, Georgia. During 

our investigation, I discovered an abandoned shipment through a Diplomat from United Kingdom which was transferred from JF Kennedy Airport. To our 

facility here in Atlanta, and when scanned it revealed an undisclosed sum of money in 2 Metal Trunk Boxes weighing approximately 110kg each. The 

consignment was abandoned because the Content was not properly declared by the consignee as money rather it was declared as personal 

Effect/classified document to either avoid diversion by the Shipping Agent or confiscation by the relevant authorities.

The diplomat's inability to pay for Non Inspection fees among other things are the reason why the consignment is delayed and abandoned. By my 

assessment, each of the boxes contains about $4M or more. They are still left in the airport storage facility till today. The Consignments like I 

said are two metal trunk boxes weighing about 110kg each (Internal dimension: W61 x H156 x D73 (cm) effective Capacity: 680 L) Approximately. The 

details of the consignment including your name and email on the official document from United Nations' office in London where the shipment was 

tagged as personal effects/classified document is still available with us. As it stands now, you have to reconfirm your Full name, Phone Number, 

full address so I can cross-check and see if it corresponds with the one on the official documents.

It is now left to you to decide if you still need the consignment or allow us repatriate it back to UK (place of origin) as we were instructed. 

Like I did say again, the shipper abandoned it and ran away most importantly because he gave a false declaration, he could not pay for the yellow 

tag, he could not secure a valid non inspection document(s), etc. I am ready to assist you in any way I can for you to get back this packages 

provided you will also give me something out of it (financial gratification). You can either come in person, or you engage the services of a 

secure shipping/delivery Company/agent that will provide the necessary security. That is required to deliver the package to your doorstep or the 

destination of your choice. I need all the guarantee that I can get from you before I can get involved in this project. Please Reply this email 

strictly at ( dw2556702@gmail.com ) with reconfirmation of your Full Name, Home Address, City, State and Telephone number.


Sincerely,

David Wilson,

Head Officer-in-Charge
