Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable
Content-Description: Mail message body
Subject: GOOD NEWS  157.245.94.27
To: Recipients <info@usa.org>
From: "Ambassador Mary Beth Leonard" <info@usa.org>
Date: Thu, 24 Sep 2020 12:48:31 +0100
Reply-To: officialoffice659@gmail.com

U.S. AMBASSADOR TO NIGERIA
OFFICE OF THE U.S AMBASSADOR TO NIGERIA
1075 Diplomatic Dr, Area, Abuja


Dear Beneficiary,


Am The New Ambassador Mary Beth Leonard United State America to
Nigeria I Resum office on December 24th, 2019 as the New Ambassador I
have a Go Through every Document in my office and notice that your
name is involved in scam list, which the United Nation has decided to
complacent you with the sum of $15.5m through Nigeria Government and
it will be through ATM Master Card for Easy use.

I shall be coming to your country for an official meeting on October
2th October, 2020 and I shall be bringing your ATM Master Card contains
$15.5m along with me, but this time I will not go through Custom
because as an Ambassador to FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA, I am a US
GOVERNMENT AGENT and I have the veto power to go through Custom. As
soon as I am through with my meeting I shall then proceed to your
registered house address with your ATM Master Card Fund.

Without missing words, I am convinced 100% that you have had bitter
experience with various scams claiming to be high government officials
and thereby defrauding you of your 'hard-earned money'. The activities
of these scams have changed your perspective about conducting business
on the internet, and you now believed there is no genuine business
that can be conducted on the internet. Well, I am an American and the
internet was created by Americans for the purpose of creating
awareness of your products/services and conducting genuine business
with ease. I am fully committed to deliver the

I am a full citizen of the United States, but I was on a Foreign
Mission here in NIGERIA as a US Ambassador.  Hence, I am making every
effort to ensure that no citizen of the United States and other part
of the world is  cheated by Nigeria, Benin Republic. Therefore, I need
your utmost support and understanding to actualize this  dream. I also
want you to understand that I do trust you and I expect you to show me
the same trust and respect  in return since trust is a 2-way street.
On the other hand, trust is a relationship of reliance. Trust also
means being able to predict what other people

Trust is both an emotional and logical act. Emotionally, it is where
you expose your vulnerabilities to people, but believing they will not
take advantage of your openness. Logically, it is where you have
assessed the probabilities of gain and loss, calculating expected
utility based on hard performance data, and concluded that the person
in question will behave in a predictable manner. In practice, trust is
a bit of both. I trust you because I have experienced your
trustworthiness by merely believing in what I have said, even when you
have not seen me, and because I have faith in humanity

Frankly speaking, I understand that anyone in your shoes will feel
betrayed, but I still want you to show me your trust by giving me the
benefit of the doubt on this delivery arrangement. My identity and
personality is verifiable, and I promise to deliver the consignment to
you safely without any hitch. Your ATM Master Card ($15.5m) MUST BE
REGISTERED AS AN AMBASSADORIAL PACKAGE as planned. Do not allow this
mission to die off because of $455 US Dollars for the registration fee
of your ATM Master Card, I meant so well for you and I believe you
will appreciate me more when you have finally Receive Your Card.

I will use my position and personality to deposit the ATM Master Card
worth $15.5m USD into your bank account without questioning from the
financial monitoring authorities, since all documentations proving the
legitimacy of the funds have been processed. Please don't see me as
one of the numerous dubious Benin Republic or Nigeria you have dealt
with in the past. I am a different person entirely and I come from a
different continent. I have the American spirit in me and I hate
cheaters. I promise to always uphold the national unity of the United
State. Please reply back ASAP.


I hope you will understand and follow my instruction to enable me
serve you better.

Signed
Ambassador Mary Beth Leonard
US AMBASSADOR TO FEDERAL REPUBLIC OF NIGERIA
