Reply-To: <uekunio3@gmail.com>
From: "Kunio Uematsu"<admin@NREC.COM.KW>
Subject: Dearest Beloved !!!   157.245.94.27
Date: Tue, 10 Nov 2020 23:45:47 -0800
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="Windows-1251"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000

Dearest Beloved,

As you read this, I don't want you to feel sorry for
me.......because......I believe everyone will die someday. I have been
diagnosed with esophageal cancer. It has defiled all forms of medical
treatment, and right now I have only about a few months to live,
according to medical experts. The situation has gotten complicated
recently with my inability to hear or speak (being deaf and dump now).
I have not particularly lived my life so well, as I never really cared
for anyone (not even myself) but my business. Though I am very rich, I
was never generous, I was always hostile to people and only focused on
my business as that was the only thing I cared for. But now I regret
all this as I now know that there is more to life than just wanting to
have or make all the money in the world.

I have willed and given most of my property and assets to my immediate
and extended family members as well as a few close friends. I have
decided to give also to charity organizations, as I want this to be
one of the last good deeds I do on earth.

So far, I have distributed money to some charity organizations in the U.A.E, Algeria, Malaysia
and some countries in Africa. Now that my health has deteriorated so
badly, I cannot do this myself anymore. I once asked members of my
family to close one of my accounts and distribute the money which I
have there to charity organization in Europe; they refused and kept
the money to themselves. Hence, I do not trust them anymore, as they
seem not to be contended with what I have left for them. The last of
my money which no one knows of is the huge cash sum of Forty-Five
Million US Dollars (US$45,000,000.00) that I deposited sometime ago in
an offshore account as I operated my business there before my
sickness. I will want you to help me collect these deposited funds and
use the funds to help the orphans, less privileged, handicapped
persons, homeless, refugees, other charity organizations and do other
good humanitarian works. You shall only collect 25% of the funds for
your reward for your time and also any expenses that you might incur
during this great task.

PLEASE SEND YOUR RESPONSE TO ME WITH YOUR
DETAILED INFORMATION AND IDENTIFICATION SO THAT I CAN FORWARD TO THE
BANK WHERE FUND IS DEPOSITED.

Regards,
Kunio Uematsu
(Japan)
Email:uekunio3@gmail.com
