Reply-To: <aliciamabou@yahoo.com>
From: "MRS ALICIA MABOU"<info@yahoo.com>
Subject: 157.245.94.27
Date: Sat, 8 Aug 2020 23:09:27 -0700
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="Windows-1251"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Mailer: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000

Finance and Security House,

Due to your effort, sincerity, courage and trust worthiness you showed at the course of the Uk Online Lotto Winning cheque shipment to your location, I want to compensate you and show my gratitude to you with the sum of £10, million GBP I have authorized the finance house where I deposited the money to issue you international certified bank draft cashable at your bank. My dear winner, I will like you to contact the CEO in charge of the finance house for the collection of this international
certified bank draft.

The name of the Person with your Cheque is MRS ALICIA MABOU
COMPENSATION AND FINANCE HOUSE HEAD OFFICE
CONTACT AGENT : MRS ALICIA MABOU
Email: aliciamabou@yahoo.com
Finance and Security House
United Kingdom Deposit Firm
FSH Towers
Chelsea T45H U.K.

At the moment, I am very busy at Sydney, Australia because of the investment projects which myself and my new partner Mr. Peter Hills of CTL Company are having at hand. Finally, remember that I have forwarded instruction to the MRS ALICIA MABOU at the finance house on your behalf to send the bank draft to you as soon as you contact him without delay.Please I will like you to accept this token with good faith as this is from the bottom of my heart. Thanks, and God bless you and your family.My sincere advice to you as a Christian is that you should endeavor to pay your tithe to a bible believing church when you get the money because i noticed it as a fiduciary agent that you were skeptical about your winnings when you were been ask by the Uk lotto Agency Inc to file out a claim for your prize. And now the current policy of the Lotto organizer is that if an emerged winner fails to claim up his/her winning cheque of £10, million GBP, it's now mandatory that this fund can be remitted or forfeited to the fiduciary


1. Full Names:
2. Residential Address:
3. Phone Number:
4. Fax Number:
5. Occupation:
6. Sex:
7. Age :
8. Nationality:
9. Present Country:

However, I want you to contact him immediately as soon as you receive this information because he is leaving for the US by the end of this month and this might cost a delay for you to receive this draft.

Hope to hear from you soon.

Yours Faithfully
Compensator Officer
