Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable
Content-Description: Mail message body
Subject: Notification Of Your Compensation Fund.  157.245.94.27
To: woodgate_interworldfreightinc@outlook.com
From: Mr.JeromePowell@info.us.org
Date: Thu, 06 Aug 2020 11:51:20 +0200
Reply-To: info.federalreservebankplc@yahoo.com

US Federal Reserve Bank New York
Headquarters: New York, NY, United States of America
Founded: 1914, New York City, New York, United States
ADDRESS: 33 Liberty St New York, NY 10045-0001
Monday-Friday
8 a.m.-9 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time(EDT
Phone: +1 (917) 745-3960. Call & Text Message.

Notification Of Your Compensation Fund.
Your payment files from two (2) different banks, Central Bank of Nigeria
and Bank of America was compiled and submitted to my desk this morning
for review. The total sum owed to you by the two banks mentioned above
was sum up to the tune of $15,500,000.00 USD
(Fifteen Million Five Hundred United States Dollars).

Now the fund has been totally lodged in one particular Escrow account
(non deductible) here in the Federal Reserve Bank Washington DC on your
name, while waiting for accreditation to your personal bank account in
any part of the world.
Meanwhile, after due scrutiny and verification, I confirmed that you
have fulfilled all the necessary obligations that will enable the
release of your payment to you, but yet your payment was not released to
you due to one flimsy excuses or the other from the
Bank officials in charge of your payment, because they had the
intention of diverting your funds to their private accounts in order to
satisfy their selfish interest.

You are however lucky that we the management of the US Federal Reserve
Bank detected their evil plans and therefore call for the submission of
your payment file to us so we can personally handle the payment
assignment to ensure that you receive your funds accordingly.
Now, all modalities regarding your fund release has been put in place
here in the Reserve Bank System, thus, your funds has been made ready
for transfer in our sophisticated macro transfer system, what we need
from you now is to provide to us the bank account
of your choice which you want us to transfer your funds so we can
expedite action for the accreditation of your funds into your account
immediately.
Below are the information needed for now for your transfer.

1. Personal Details:
Full Name:
Current Address:
Age/Gender:
Occupation:
Direct Mobile Number:
Passport Copy, ID card or DL:

2. Banking Details:
Bank Name:
Bank Address:
Account Name
Account Number:
Routing Number:
Swift Code:

Note: If you prefer to receive your funds in form of a Visa Card, we
could load and ship your Visa Card to your address which will permit you
a daily withdrawal limit of US$3000. As this matter is urgent, we look
forward to hearing from you as soon as possible.

Yours sincerely,
Mr. Jerome Powell
The Chair of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.
Co-chief Operating Officer, Reserve Bank=AE
Headquarters: New York, NY, United States of America
Founded: 1914, New York City, New York, United States
ADDRESS: 33 Liberty St New York, NY 10045-0001 47
